Activity_1_User_Stories.md, before:

# Activity 1 User Stories

Movements:

As a player, I want to control character’s movement direction.

As a player, I want the character to be able to run, jump and crouch.

As a player, when the character faces non-player characters, I want it to stop and interact with them.

As a player, I want the character to move to different levels if it passes this level. 

As a game designer, I want character to move faster once it changes faster boots.

As a game designer, I want player to be able to select previous levels the player passes.

Enemies: 

As a player, I want to choose ATTACK or NOT ATTACK when facing an enemy.

As a player, I want to see the enemy's armor level when facing an enemy.

As a player, I want to know if I win or lost when I choose ATTACK enemy.

As a designer, I want character increase attack ability when player choose to attack enemy and win.

As a designer, I want character decrease health level when player choose to attack enemy and lost.

As a designer, I want each enemy has different level of armor.

Character attributes:

As a designer, I want character has health level and attack ability attributes.

As a player, I want to have a table to show character's health level and attack ability.

Commit message:

Modification
Adding user story of features of movement and opening treasure boxes

Activity_1_User_Stories.md, after:

# Activity 1 User Stories

Movements:

As a player, I want to control character’s movement direction.

As a player, I want the character to be able to run, jump and crouch.

As a player, when the character faces non-player characters, I want it to stop and interact with them.

Character attributes:

As a game designer, I want the character to decide fight to enemies or not when it moves in front of them.

As a game designer, I want the character to open treasure boxes to increase health, attach ability or defence when it stands on them.

As a game designer, I want character to move faster once it receives faster boots.


Enemies: 

As a player, I want to choose ATTACK or NOT ATTACK when facing an enemy.

As a player, I want to see the enemy's armor level when facing an enemy.

As a player, I want to know if I win or lost when I choose ATTACK enemy.

As a designer, I want character increase attack ability when player choose to attack enemy and win.

As a designer, I want character decrease health level when player choose to attack enemy and lost.

As a designer, I want each enemy has different level of armor.

Character attributes:

As a designer, I want character has health level and attack ability attributes.

As a player, I want to have a table to show character's health level and attack ability.
